Sustainability. It's a term you may or may not have heard of, but it's becoming
more important for companies and organizations of all sizes across all
industries.
We hope you'll know more about sustainability and what it means for your
organization by the end of this module.
Hi, my name is Dan and I will be your partner in this journey. Thanks for
joining us to learn about sustainability.
What is sustainability? It's basically all about striving to balance our needs
today against those of future generations.
In terms of the natural resources, our planet can provide.
For corporations, sustainability is not about how a company uses its profits,
but how it makes money in the first place.
Now I have a little activity for you. What do you think sustainability programs
should focus on?
Pick the activities below that companies should include in their sustainability
efforts.
(upbeat music)